Which attack can be used to exploit an application's backend database by inputting specially manipulated queries?
sql injection

In which case should you change the default passwords of an application framework?
always

Which is the MOST secure way to defend against deserialization attacks?
never accept serialized objects from untrusted sources

True or False: You should worry about a vulnerability in a third-party component your are using only when it is reported on a major news site.
false

True or False: It is best to implement your own crypto operations rather than rely on existing cryptographic libraries.
false

True or False: It is acceptable to leave an admin debugging page online as long as there are no links to it in your application.
false

In which vulnerability does an application expose a reference to an internal object such as a file, directory, object ID, or credential?
insecure direct object reference

Which of the following information should ΝΟΤ be included in a log entry?
personal information

Which of the following is NOT part of a strong authentication and session management system?
Escaping all user input on a user profile page

Which of the following BEST describes when you should treat cookies as untrusted input?
always

True or False: Privacy requirements are addressed in legal policies, terms, and conditions only.
false

True or False: Performing input validation on the client using JavaScript filters makes your code safe.
false

Which of the following is NOT part of the threat modeling process?
Choose encryption libraries and algorithms.

True or False: Although cryptography does not eliminate security issues, it does make them more manageable by reducing the task of protecting a large amount of data to a matter of protecting a relatively small key.
true

Which BEST describes when you should check third-party libraries for vulnerabilities?
on a regular basis

Which of the following is a risk associated with failing to enable the HttpOnly flag on an application's session ID artifact?
Cookies being stolen using XSS

True or False: You do NOT need to patch third-party libraries once the code is copied into your repository.
false

Which of the following is NOT a logging and monitoring best practice?
Store logs in only one location.

Which security mechanism is the LEAST effective against common web application attacks?
blocklisting

