1.Which of the following describes the Builder pattern correctly?
This pattern builds a complex object using simple objects and using a step by step approach.

2.Which of the following describes the MVC pattern correctly?
This pattern is used to decouple presentation tier and business tier.

3.Which of the following terms relate to making a service available with no downtime for
  an extended period of time?
High Availability

4.In
  computer networking, ------------- is the ability to "provide and
  maintain an acceptable level of service in the face of faults and challenges
  to normal operation.
Resilience

5.These
  are valid NFR types for a system
Certification, Elasticity, Boot Up time, Escrow, Data Retention  

6.Which technology or service can be used to send notifications to Mobile devices
Notification Hub

7.What is cloud computing?
On-demand delivery of IT resources and applications through the internet with pay-as-you-go pricing

8.Which AWS service automatically analyzes code and provides performance
  recommendations?
CodeGuru

9.____
  prescribes the state of software project work progress that to be tracked.
Kanban  

10.You are looking to run multiple instances of the same application on the same EC2
  instance and expose it with a load balancer. The application is available as
  a Docker container. You should use
Application Load Balancer + ECS

11.What are different types of Agile Methodology?
Scrum, Kanban, XP

12.Is 'Cucumber' a tool used for BDD testing?
TRUE

13.What are the benefits of cloud computing? (Select TWO.)
Increase speed and agility
Stop spending money running and maintaining data centers.

14.When we  are talking of 64 bit, we are talking of  
Application, Operating System, Hardware

15.Unlike architectural patterns, component-level design patterns may be applied to solve subproblems without regard to system context.
False

16.What are
  pods, squads, packs, chapters or tribes ?
They are all scrum teams

17.Data in
  transit(Motion)', 'Data in rest' and 'Data in Use' are the 3
  states/principals of ….........
Data

18.Two Pizza Team means
Team of around 8 people

19.Agile
  software development principles
Customer satisfaction by early and continuous delivery of valuable software.
Welcome changing requirements, even in late development.
Close, daily cooperation between business people and developers
Regularly, the team reflects on how to become more effective, and adjusts accordingly

20.Which of the following pattern is used when we need to decouple an abstraction from its implementation so that the two can vary independently?
Bridge Pattern

21.Is
  Architecture an Artifact ?
FALSE

22.Authentication
  as well as Authotization is supported in …..............
Oauth 2.0
SAML 1.0
SAML 2.0

23.You need to move hundreds of Terabytes into the cloud in AWS S3, and after that
  pre-process it using many EC2 instances in order to clean the data. You have
  a 1 Gbit/s broadband and would like to optimize the process of moving the
  data and pre-processing it, in order to save time. What do you recommend?
Use Snowball Edge

24.AWS
  Lambda is ?
FaaS

25.I have
  added more machines in different regions of same configuration to support
  users of different regions separatel. This is normally referred as ....
Scaling Out

26.OAUTH2.0
  is used for ?
Authentication, Authorization, SSO

27.Design patterns are divided into three fundamental groups.
Bahavioral Patterns, Structural Patterns, Creational Patterns

28.Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework includes the ability to run
  workloads effectively and gain insights into their operations?
Operational Excellence

29.Which of the following is true about design patterns?
Design patterns are obtained by trial and error by numerous software developers over quite a substantial period of time
Design patterns represent the best practices used by experienced object-oriented software developers
Design patterns are solutions to general problems that software developers faced during software development

30.what are
  all the advantages of Devops
Faster issue resolution
Reduced complexity
Greater scalability and availability

31.Which is
  not a devops method
None of the above (Agile, Scrum, Kanban, Sprint)

32.In which of the following pattern a class represents functionality of another class?
Proxy Pattern

33.Which
  SDLC area is important for implementation of DevOps automation in the IT
  organization ?
IaaS

34.Sprint
  concept is define under the which Devops Method.
Scrum

35.The
  Aggregation is stronger than Composition
FALSE

36.What are
  the artifacts of Agile Scrum ?
Product backlog
Product Increment
Burndown Chart
Defination of Done

37.In MVC
  Architecture, which of the statements are correct?
Controller responds to events from triggered from View and acts on Model
Model holds only the data and is not responsible for logic or presentation
View is responsible for rendering data and does not deal with what the data represents.

38.Agile
  Scrum uses Stroy Points as unit of estimation
TRUE

39.I have some private servers on my premises, also I have distributed some of my workload on the public cloud, what is this architecture called?
Virtual Private Cloud

40.When
  security practices gets integrated into the DevOps approach it becomes
  DevSecOps ?
TRUE
